Docs: Update implement custom surveys (#8401)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/surveys/implementing-custom-surveys.mdx

    enterprise: full
---

> > **Note:** This is **not required** for [popover surveys](/docs/surveys/creating-surveys#presentation).

Reviewer: hmm why remove this?

Reviewer: Oh its below. I see

```js-web
'use client'
import { usePostHog } from 'posthog-js/react';

export default function Feedback() {
  const posthog = usePostHog();

  const handleFeedbackSubmit = (e) => {
    e.preventDefault();
    const feedback = e.target.elements.feedback.value;
    posthog.capture("survey sent", {
      $survey_id: '018ed910-3b24-0000-e3fd-d51c59aa74b2',
      $survey_response: feedback
    })
  }

  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Give us feedback</h1>
      <form onSubmit={handleFeedbackSubmit}>
        <textarea 
          id="feedbackInput" 
          name="feedback" 
          placeholder="Enter your feedback here..." 
          required
        ></textarea>
        <button type="submit">Submit Feedback</button>
      </form>
    </div>
  );
}
```

The benefit of using PostHog beyond this is that it handles:

1. **Survey content.** Customize question type, text, and more. Change it at runtime without needing to redeploy your app.

2. **Targeting logic.** This means not showing the same survey multiple times, the wrong survey, or a survey that has collected enough responses. Leverage property filters, cohorts, feature flags, and more.

> If you create a [popover survey](/docs/surveys/creating-surveys#presentation),  updating and targeting are handled automatically. When you create one in API mode, you need to add logic to fetch and display surveys yourself with the help of the JavaScript Web SDK or snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create a [popover survey](/docs/surveys/creating-surveys#presentation),  updating and targeting are handled automatically. When you create one in **API mode**, you need to add logic to fetch and display surveys yourself with the help of the [JavaScript Web SDK or snippet](link).
```

## Fetching surveys

When implementing an API survey, there are two options for fetching surveys from PostHog:

1. To get all surveys, call `getSurveys(callback, forceReload)`. This means you still need to handle targeting yourself.

2. To get surveys enabled for the current user, call `getActiveMatchingSurveys(callback, forceReload)`. This always returns an active survey if the user meets the targeting conditions, even if they have already seen, dismissed, or responded to the survey.

> Surveys are cached by default by the JavaScript SDK, so you can pass `true` to the `forceReload` parameter to force an API call to get the latest surveys.

Reviewer: This makes it sound like I always want to use true. When wouldnt I want to use true? When would I want to use false?

Author: ```suggestion
Surveys are requested on first load and then cached by default by the JavaScript SDK. If you want to force an API call to get an updated list of surveys, pass `true` to the `forceReload` parameter. You only need to do this if you want changed surveys to appear mid-session for users.
```
